# v0.6.1

* Use latest 5.13 HWE kernel
* Use metric labels for mount stats
* Update dashboard to use new metrics

## Use latest 5.13 HWE kernel

The image build script started failing with the error:

```text
E: Version '5.13.0.39.44~20.04.24' for 'linux-generic-hwe-20.04' was not found
E: Version '5.13.0.39.44~20.04.24' for 'linux-image-generic-hwe-20.04' was not found
E: Version '5.13.0.39.44~20.04.24' for 'linux-headers-generic-hwe-20.04' was not found
```

The `linux-image-hwe-20.04` package only keeps the binaries for the latest HWE kernel. As such the HWE kernels cannot be pinned to a specific kernel version.

## Use metric labels for mount stats

The mount stats were previously using resource labels for `server`, `path` and `instance`. This was intended to reduce the volume of data being logged by reducing repeated values.

However, GCP Cloud Monitoring does not support custom resource labels. This is likely to be a common issue with other reporting systems either handling resource labels differently, or ignoring them completely.

To avoid issues the labels for `server`, `path` and `instance` are now reported as metric level labels.

## Update dashboard to use new metrics

This adds new graphs using the new metrics to show the total read/write throughput between:

* KNFSD Proxy and Source.
* Clients and KNFSD Proxy.

The new dashboard also corrects an issue where the total number of operations from the KNFSD Proxy to the Source were being under reported. This is because the metric agent only parses a single `xprt` (transport) entry.
